Add a getting started to the top. (#68)
edx/edx-developer-docs: docs/index.rst

    (Legacy) Open edX Developer's Guide <https://edx.readthedocs.io/projects/edx-developer-guide/en/latest/>
    developers_guide/micro_frontends_in_open_edx

Getting Started
###############

> In a hurry to start writing code? Go setup our `Devstack`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a hurry to start writing code? Go set up our `Devstack`_.
```
I think this could use a little more guidance.
```suggestion
In a hurry to start writing code? Go set up `Devstack`_, our local Docker-based development environment.
```
